Show how to add a page title to routes (#1381) (#1383)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/accessibility/page-template-considerations.md

Note that the unique page title is first. This is because it is the most important piece of information from a contextual perspective. Since a user with a screen reader can interrupt the screen reader as they wish, it introduces less fatigue when the unique page title is first, but provides the additional guidance if it is desired. 

One simple way to add page titles is to create a `title` helper:

```javascript {data-filename=app/helpers/title.js}
import Helper from '@ember/component/helper';

export default class Title extends Helper {
  original = document.title;

  compute([title]) {
    document.title = title;
  }

  willDestroy() {
    document.title = this.original;
  }
}

> 

Reviewer: Hard to apply in GitHub suggestion, but copy edit suggestion - delete blank line before ```

```

We can use this helper to set the page title at any point in any template.

For example, if we have a “posts” route, we can set the page title for it like so:

```handlebars {data-filename=app/routes/posts.hbs}
{{title "Posts - Site Title"}}

{{outlet}}
```

Extending the example, if we have a “post” route that lives within the “posts” route, we could set its page title like so:

```handlebars {data-filename=app/routes/posts/post.hbs}
{{title (concat @model.title " - Site Title")}}

<h1>{{@model.title}}</h1>
```

This title will take effect when we enter the “post” route, and the line of code in our `willDestroy` hook will take care of restoring the former title when we return to the “posts” route.

This technique is a reasonable first step, but has limitations:

- It does *not* work when the page is rendered server-side with FastBoot.

> - It doesn’t provide any conventions for constructing nested page titles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It doesn't provide any conventions for constructing nested page titles.
```

Not familiar with this linter yet, but seems to be giving a warning https://travis-ci.org/github/ember-learn/guides-source/builds/676236275#L545

I will set up these linters locally after this!

> - It doesn’t automatically apply the site title (though you can imagine how to add that).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It doesn't automatically apply the site title (though you can imagine how to add that).
```

> When your needs become more complex, the following addons faciliate page titles in a more dynamic and maintainable way (including FastBoot support):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your needs become more complex, the following addons facilitate page titles in a more dynamic and maintainable way (including FastBoot support):
```

Author: LOL, good spot!
